[**quickjs-emscripten**](../../README.md)

***

[quickjs-emscripten](../../packages.md) / [quickjs-emscripten](../README.md) / CustomizeVariantOptions

# Interface: CustomizeVariantOptions

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:119](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L119)

* [Properties](#properties)

  * [emscriptenModule?](#emscriptenmodule)
  * [locateFile()?](#locatefile)
  * [log()?](#log)
  * [wasmBinary?](#wasmbinary)
  * [wasmLocation?](#wasmlocation)
  * [wasmMemory?](#wasmmemory)
  * [wasmModule?](#wasmmodule)
  * [wasmSourceMapData?](#wasmsourcemapdata)
  * [wasmSourceMapLocation?](#wasmsourcemaplocation)

## Properties

### emscriptenModule?

> `optional` **emscriptenModule**: [`EmscriptenModuleLoaderOptions`](EmscriptenModuleLoaderOptions.md)

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:153](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L153)

The enumerable properties of this object will be passed verbatim, although they may be overwritten if you pass other options.

***

### locateFile()?

> `optional` **locateFile**: (`fileName`, `prefix`) => `string`

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:151](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L151)

If set, this method will be called when the runtime needs to load a file,
such as a .wasm WebAssembly file, .mem memory init file, or a file
generated by the file packager.

The function receives two parameters:

* `fileName`, the relative path to the file as configured in build
  process, eg `"emscripten-module.wasm"`.
* `prefix` (path to the main JavaScript file’s directory). This may be `''`
  (empty string) in some cases if the Emscripten Javascript code can't locate
  itself. Try logging it in your environment.

It should return the actual URI or path to the requested file.

This lets you host file packages on a different location than the directory
of the JavaScript file (which is the default expectation), for example if
you want to host them on a CDN.

If set, this method will be called when the runtime needs to load a file,
such as a .wasm WebAssembly file, .mem memory init file, or a file
generated by the file packager.

The function receives two parameters:

* `fileName`, the relative path to the file as configured in build
  process, eg `"emscripten-module.wasm"`.
* `prefix` (path to the main JavaScript file’s directory). This may be `''`
  (empty string) in some cases if the Emscripten Javascript code can't locate
  itself. Try logging it in your environment.

It should return the actual URI or path to the requested file.

This lets you host file packages on a different location than the directory
of the JavaScript file (which is the default expectation), for example if
you want to host them on a CDN.

#### Parameters

##### fileName

`string`

##### prefix

`string`

Often `''` (empty string)

#### Returns

`string`

***

### log()?

> `optional` **log**: {(...`data`): `void`; (`message?`, ...`optionalParams`): `void`; }

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:155](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L155)

Debug logger

#### Call Signature

> (...`data`): `void`

The **`console.log()`** static method outputs a message to the console.

[MDN Reference](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/console/log_static)

##### Parameters

###### data

...`any`\[]

##### Returns

`void`

#### Call Signature

> (`message?`, ...`optionalParams`): `void`

Prints to `stdout` with newline. Multiple arguments can be passed, with the
first used as the primary message and all additional used as substitution
values similar to [`printf(3)`](http://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man3/printf.3.html)
(the arguments are all passed to [`util.format()`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/util.html#utilformatformat-args)).

```js
const count = 5;
console.log('count: %d', count);
// Prints: count: 5, to stdout
console.log('count:', count);
// Prints: count: 5, to stdout
```

See [`util.format()`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v20.x/api/util.html#utilformatformat-args) for more information.

##### Parameters

###### message?

`any`

###### optionalParams

...`any`\[]

##### Returns

`void`

##### Since

v0.1.100

***

### wasmBinary?

> `optional` **wasmBinary**: [`OrLoader`](../type-aliases/OrLoader.md)<`ArrayBuffer`>

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:123](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L123)

If given, Emscripten will compile the WebAssembly.Module from these bytes.

***

### wasmLocation?

> `optional` **wasmLocation**: `string`

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:121](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L121)

If given, Emscripten will try to load the WebAssembly module data from this location (path or URI) as appropriate for the current platform.

***

### wasmMemory?

> `optional` **wasmMemory**: [`OrLoader`](../type-aliases/OrLoader.md)<`Memory`>

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:127](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L127)

If given, use the Memory when instantiating the WebAssembly.Instance.

***

### wasmModule?

> `optional` **wasmModule**: [`OrLoader`](../type-aliases/OrLoader.md)<`Module`>

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:125](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L125)

If given, Emscripten will instantiate the WebAssembly.Instance from this existing WebAssembly.Module

***

### wasmSourceMapData?

> `optional` **wasmSourceMapData**: [`OrLoader`](../type-aliases/OrLoader.md)<`string` | [`SourceMapData`](SourceMapData.md)>

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:131](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L131)

If given, we will provide the source map to Emscripten directly. This may only be respected if wasmModule is also provided.

***

### wasmSourceMapLocation?

> `optional` **wasmSourceMapLocation**: `string`

Defined in: [packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts:129](https://github.com/justjake/quickjs-emscripten/blob/main/packages/quickjs-emscripten-core/src/from-variant.ts#L129)

If given, Emscripten will try to load the source map for the WebAssembly module from this location (path or URI) as appropriate for the current platform.
